Can you believe this picture?
(all laughing)
That's hilarious!
I know!
Damn, they're loud.
-[Hinata] Hey!
-[Group] Huh?
Hi-Hina?
You're taking up
way too much space!
It's fine when it's not crowded,
but you're making
that old lady stand.
Make her some room.
-Okay.
-Hey, scooch over!
Thanks, guys!
-Yeah.
-Yeah, sure.
You're cute.
[Hinata] Ma'am, there's
an open seat right here.
My! Thank you so
much, young lady.
[Takemichi] Wow! Hina's amazing!
(opening theme music)
Thank you for coming
shopping with me, Takemichi.
Oh, it's no problem.
How did your final exams go?
Wow, you know, I haven't
thought about finals in forever.
How do you mean?
-Huh?
-We just finished with them.
Oh yeah, of course we did.
Shit, I was thinking
out loud again!
Well, make sure you study.
You have a dream, right?
A dream?
Did I have dreams and
aspirations back then?
[Hinata] Well! That settles it.
[Takemichi] Huh?
I'm going to help you
with your studying.
[Takemichi] Whoa! (laughing)
What's wrong?
I've just never been inside
a girl's room before!
Oh, stop gawking already.
Yeah, okay.
[Hinata] You could be
a bit less obvious.
Sorry to interrupt,
and I don't have much prepared
because this is so sudden.
It's so sad because
this is the first time
Hina's brought a boy home.
[Hinata] Mom!
Oh, don't worry about me.
He's a cutie.
How long have the two of
you been seeing each other?
[Hinata] That's enough,
Mom. Out now, thank you!
Awe.
-Boyfriend?
-Mama!
[Takemichi] Wow, I'm
not getting this at all.
[Hinata] Oh, by the way,
thanks for looking
out for my brother.
[Takemichi] Hm?
He told me that you saved him
from some bullies
the other night.
Ah!
[Hinata] My dad's
not around much.
He's so busy he rarely
has time to come home.
Naoto and dad don't really
get along very well,
but lately Naoto has started
saying he wants to be like him.
Hm?
Our dad is a policeman.
Ah!
So that's why Naoto
became a police officer!
Huh?
Well, he isn't one yet
because he's just a kid.
(nervously laughing) Yeah,
of course, of course!
What am I even talking about?
But honestly,
you could say it was me
that was saved by him.
[Hinata] Huh?
I think Naoto will
make a great cop.
Although, he might
turn out a bit loopy.
Takemichi, you've changed.
Ah, you think? Like changed how?
Well, for one thing, you seem
nicer somehow these days,
and maybe more
mature lately too.
I feel like I'm talking to
someone much older than I am!
Huh!
Whoa, she's sharp!
I am 12 years older!
[Hinata] Or maybe I'm
just seeing a side of you
that I never really knew before.
Huh?
I'd love to know more, to
know everything about you.
(fireworks discharging)
(fireworks exploding)
Fireworks!
That's right, tonight's
the fireworks display!
Huh?
Hey! Let's go up to
the roof and watch!
(fireworks exploding)
Wow, this is awesome!
They're so pretty!
Hurry up, Takemichi!
You're gonna miss it all!
[Takemichi] Damn,
this is really fun.
This never happened
in my old life.
Wow! A heart!
Hey, did you see that one?
I just wanna stay here forever.
I don't wanna go
back to the future
because in the
future, Hina is gone.
(soft piano music)
It wouldn't hurt to
hold her hand, right?
It's warm.
Hina.
Hm?
Um, oh, hi.
Naoto?
The handshake is the trigger.
Ah! Naoto!
Oh, I didn't know
you were up here.
[Naoto] Yeah.
You've gotta be kidding me!
(crying)
Takemichi!
Damn it! I came back!
Huh? What's that mean?
Did you return to the past?
Shaking hands really
is the trigger.
And you! What were
you doing there, man?
[Naoto] Huh? What are
you talking about?
(Takemichi crying)
Anyway, at least now we know
my hypothesis was correct.
Yeah, hooray for you I guess.
[Naoto] So, mission
accomplished?
Hm?
Tell me everything.
How did it go?
You're back, because you
must have changed something
while you were in
the past, right?
Yeah, well...
You shook my hand by mistake?
This is not a joke!
Your second trip into the
past did teach us one thing.
Huh?
Your time travel capabilities
dictate that you return
12 years into the past.
For example, if you were to
go back into the past today,
you'd go back to
today 12 years ago.
And if you came back here
after spending a week there,
a week would've
also passed here.
Meanwhile, while you
were back in the past,
your body here would have been
held in suspended animation.
Huh? You mean I was dead?
Not dead exactly.
You're here but just
as an empty shell.
Ah, so that's
suspended animation.
It's dangerous, so
whenever you time travel,
we'll make sure you're
here in my room.
So, tell me how
your mission went
to keep Sano and
Kisaki from meeting up.
Really good.
I got to know Mikey pretty well.
Mikey? Oh, Sano.
Check it out though, Naoto!
Mikey's a boss but he's
actually a really good guy!
What? Why the hell
didn't you kill him?
Huh? Kill him?
This is the guy who
killed my sister,
and now you're trying to
tell me he's a good guy?
Has he turned you
'cause your new friend Mikey
is now so deep into crime
that the police can't
even touch him anymore!
If I only could, I'd kill
him with my own two hands!
Naoto,
let's go talk to Mikey.
Too risky.
[Takemichi] I wanna talk to
him in person in the present.
There's no point in doing that.
I think you're wrong. I
think we can trust him.
I need to hear it
from Mikey himself.
Toman changed and
I want the reason.
I need to know the answer
before I go back
into the past again.
I need to make contact with
Mikey and I need your help.
(sighs) I don't
know what happened
to you there in the past, but
you've changed, Takemichi.
Huh, you really think
so? Like how, exactly?
Your weak side seems to be gone.
Well, at least a little of it.
But that's a good thing, right?
So am I finally cool now?
[Naoto] Right, so
let's figure out
how to meet with Mikey.
Don't stop! Are you saying
I'm super awesome now?
-Keep going!
-You sure get carried away.
I need you to organize
these documents, Takemichi.
Damn, the Tokyo Manji
gang has been going nuts.
Mikey is extremely careful.
He leaves no clues.
Even the police
can't track him down.
His phone's also
probably a burner
that he got under a fake name.
Wait, who is this?
Hm?
Atsushi Sendo, part of
Toman's upper echelon?
Akkun!
Akkun? As in your friend Akkun?
Something's wrong here.
When he was 16, he was arrested
for stabbing Kiyomizu
Masataka from Toman.
After his release,
he was nothing more
than some no-name punk.
I was on the verge
of stabbing Kiyomasa.
He said that was his plan,
but he didn't so
[Both] The past has changed?
Akkun didn't follow through
on stabbing Kiyomasa,
so he was never arrested for it.
The fact that you and Mikey
became friendly allowed Sendo-
[Takemichi] To then become
part of Toman's upper echelon!
Okay. Can you still
get a hold of Sendo?
Yeah, as long as his
number hasn't changed.
Since Sendo's in the
upper echelon now,
use him to get to Mikey!
(Takemichi gasps)
I should warn you my
place is a disaster.
Yeah, somehow that
doesn't surprise me.
Oh! What's that smell?
Oh please, I warned
you, didn't I?
[Naoto] No human should
ever live like this!
Just hang on a sec, let
me find my old notebook.
Believe it or not, I
have a filing system.
That hurt.
(gags) I'm going to break out
in hives from all this dust!
I have to go out
and buy some masks!
Oh okay, yeah, but
hurry up though!
A-ha! Found it!
Ha-ha! Boy, seeing this
really takes me back!
Talk about taking a
trip down memory lane.
And oh wow, look at
this! Unbelievable!
Do you mind picking up
the pace a little bit?
Huh?
Oh yeah, right. Akkun.
Found it!
Let's hope the number's good.
(phone ringing)
Akkun.
[Akkun] See you tomorrow.
See ya.
(sighs) My whole body hurts.
Hey, Akkun?
[Akkun] Hm?
Someday after we all graduate
and go our separate ways
and we stop seeing each other,
what would we talk about
after we've become adults?
You dumbass, nothing
is gonna change.
Huh?
Friends for life.
(phone ringing)
[Naoto] This is
really where Sendo is?
Yeah.
Apparently he runs a
high-end hostess bar here.
Are you sure it's
okay, us dropping by?
Sendo is one of the
higher-ups at Toman now.
And I can guarantee that
none of that will matter
'cause Akkun's still Akkun.
I do have to admit he sounded
a little older on the phone,
but otherwise the same.
Well, I'm still concerned.
You shouldn't have said
you wanted to see Mikey.
Why not?
You're being too open.
He's someone the police
can't get close to.
We might be walking
into a trap here.
That's dumb, Naoto!
It takes more than
something like that
to change a friendship!
Just follow me and
we'll be totally fine!
(women giggling)
(smooth saxophone music)
Welcome, gentlemen!
Who do you like?
Huh? Um, I don't-
You going to be okay?
Hi, I've got an appointment
here with your boss Sendo.
What, seriously?
You and our boss?
Mm-hmm.
Hey, there's some twerp
here to see the boss.
Does he have any appointments?
My goodness!
You should've just told me
that in the first place!
I would've let you right in
if I'd known you were
a friend of the boss!
Two VIPs coming through!
He's totally mocking
me, isn't he?
Oh no, of course not.
Your hand is shaking, Takemichi.
Are you alright?
Yeah, I'm not scared.
It'll be okay.
No matter how
different he looks,
no matter how
important he is now,
Akkun is still Akkun!
Yeah?
Takemichi.
Behind you, genius.
You haven't changed
a bit, Takemichi.
Akkun?
What, you didn't recognize
me without my pompadour?
Uh, no.
I know I probably should
have said something
to you earlier, but
it's been a while, huh?
[Takemichi] It's Akkun!
He may look totally different,
but it's definitely Akkun!
So you wanna see Mikey, huh?
You know, I've been
waiting all this time
for you to show up, Takemichi.
Wait, what do you mean?
Let's go talk outside.
Just the two of us, all right?
Okay, I'll wait here.
-Be careful.
-I will.
Hey, there's nothing
to worry about.
Ah!
So how the hell have you
been doing, Takemichi?
Hey, take it easy! That
kinda hurts, Akkun!
(laughs) I'm just so happy
to see you after so long!
It's been years, buddy!
And just at that crucial
moment Yamagishi-
[Takemichi] He farted and
ruined everything, right?
[Akkun] Yeah, when I was
lookin' so awesome, too!
[Takemichi] (laughs)
Akkun, you were so lame!
Been a while, huh?
For you, I figure it's
been about 10 years.
(sighs) But wow, Akkun!
You own this cool
lounge up here,
and you're a Toman big shot!
Yeah.
You've got a luxury
car, expensive clothes,
and you're sleeping
with some fine ladies.
You're basically on a
different planet than me.
[Akkun] Yeah, well, money
can't buy you everything.
[Takemichi] I hope I can say
something like that someday!
[Akkun] So that guy you came
here with is a cop, right?
Ah! Um, I uh...
[Akkun] You don't have to
lie. It's completely obvious.
He's Hinata Tachibana's
younger brother, isn't he?
I had no idea she
even had a brother.
But how'd you figure that out?
The Tokyo Manji organization,
they have their methods.
Hey, do you remember the summer
of our second year
in middle school?
The day you faced down Kiyomasa?
After everyone went home, you
asked me this one question:
what would we have to talk about
after we'd all gone
off our separate ways
and then met up again as adults?
Yeah! I remember that.
Well, how about we
talk about this?
The person who pushed
you onto the tracks
was me.
Huh?
It should've killed you,
but someone saved your life.
It was Naoto Tachibana,
and it looked like he knew
you were gonna fall
onto the tracks,
even before it happened!
I know this sounds insane,
but you,
you can time travel, can't you?
Didn't you ask Naoto Tachibana
from the past to help you?
That's it, right?
It's the only explanation
that makes sense!
There's no way he saves you
without knowing that
was gonna go down!
But that's insane,
right? I mean, isn't it?
Stop!
What the hell are
you talking about?
Who's the crazy one here, Akkun?
I don't even recognize you, man!
You were always so cool,
calm and collected.
You were always willing
to sacrifice yourself
for your friends.
You were kind. We
could count on you!
(sobs) So...
it has to be a lie!
I can't believe you would
ever have tried to kill me!
You're my friend,
Akkun! (sobbing)
Takemichi.
I don't know how things could
have ended up like this.
[Takemichi] Huh?
[Akkun] I'm one of
Kisaki's soldiers now.
Kisaki? Tetta Kisaki?
[Akkun] Everyone in
Toman has to obey Kisaki.
I haven't even seen
Mikey in years.
Akkun,
it's not too late to get out.
Just tell them you're
quitting Toman.
(sobbing) I, I can't.
I'm scared.
I'm terrified of Kisaki!
Akkun.
Takemichi,
Mikey was just never the
same after Draken died.
Huh?
Draken is dead now?
He wasn't supposed to die.
It never should've happened,
but he bit it just the same.
And now here I am, thriving
off of dirty money.
Ah, I always looked up to you.
You'd cry but still
hold your ground.
Akkun.
Is the reason that you
wanna go back to the past
to save him?
Come down from
there. You'll fall.
Now see? That's real love
right there! (chuckling)
I'm rooting for you, Takemichi.
Save everyone if you can.
Akkun!
Our crybaby hero.
No, don't do it, Akkun!
Ah!
(pavement thuds)
(Takemichi heavily breathing)
(Takemichi screaming violently)
Hm.
If you don't mind,
could you just let him
have a little more time?
[Takemichi] It's fine.
I know they need to talk
to me about what happened.
Please don't push yourself.
You should take it slow.
[Takemichi] Naoto,
I need you to find out about
the day Ken Ryuguji died.
Huh?
The one who turned Toman
evil is Tetta Kisaki.
(sobbing) Naoto, I...
Draken and Akkun
and Hina!
I want to,
I have to
save all of them!
(closing theme music)
(vocalists singing in Japanese)